Hello, I am a month and today we are going to review
katy noir in its original edition or in its
basic edition I was very very tempted to
buy as the back to version
school or something like that because it looked very
pretty but really , really, that's me
I am one of the people who prefer to have
the basic doll and in fact this was a
gift and good they bought it at coast
rich and they gave it to me there was my
gift day of kings gave me my
godmother that I adore with all my heart a
I kiss my whole family of costa rica
shawn that I love you with all my heart and
I am that they watch my videos and they support me
all the time then many many
thank you for all your support and for all your
honey, I love you and I love everything costa rica
true greetings to all the people of
Costa Rica because they are the best as
caste pierce that check before
they agree they remember how to review
caster situ well parents
now let's review this version
which is the one that brings as the signature and all
the special box and so in fact it's going to be
pretty much the same thing that happened with caste
first I'm going to keep the box and everything
then this time it's going to be a
bit like a frozen review because
I'm just going to open it and I'm going to
show i'm not going to take it
like the little things he's
tied up and like that because I like it a lot
as it looks like that in the box and I would prefer
That's how I'll keep it open for
that we can see it in detail but
allways it is going to stay in your box
but well let's review the detail
and it is here karim guard without box
clogging us sorry if I have to
To turn around, I have no vision
of x- rays then I can not see to
through the cardboard has super hair
super super long bone I think so
only so what we have as the
tail would come almost as far down as the
of pretty fillmore is a little bit
messy then maybe I would take it out
and the cee would catch but I do not want to remove
the one in the pose he's in then
so we're going to leave it that's why I looked
the one that looked better and good with
respect to the face I love it like that
be as of this finish as mate
and that because it contrasts super well with the
makeup that is like super full of
glitter and shine and so and good
obviously the contrast with the lips
super roses and I love how she is a
black cat and cats are supposed to
blacks give bad luck all their subject is
about bad luck, that's not why it's
that has a number 13 on the ear of
here and that 's why continuing with his
clothes her dress on top is
as if it were a broken glass with a
broken mirror because they know that the
broken glasses of bad luck the
number 13 is unlucky and 7 the
also has a 13 in pink on the part
here is who turned tantito
so you can see it well has this necklace
that also in the part here is like
Broken glass or broken mirror and in the part
above if you can see it has a 13
also like your journal has a
big there were 13 there
this type of fabric reminded me a lot
when I was in elementary school and I was going to
school festivals and my mom had me
what to do as my locker room I feel that
they were like a fabric super thing I'm sorry
that I had a wardrobe that was one
fabric as identical is like pink with
those brilliants following him from the dress
has got this tail that is super super
long or I've seen it I do not know if you want
put a photo alfredo like that as
go completely out of the box or
as you see the tail that is very long but
everything is as if it were as if
been as torn by cat nails or
that's why on how
I do not know how to go down or anything else
there cut to the random is like because
she is a cat and probably likes it
to scratch things then so is your
dress and bring these drops that too
of new and milan being broken mirror and the
I really feel like it's a doll
that has has very simple things but
everything in it or both the color of the
skin the color of the hair the color of the
dressed the silver that contrasts a
good
they make a little bit of it or they are
few things but that is much at the same
time mostly because the rose and the
black are my favorite colors or be
when I was in high school I did not go
of pink and black and good talking about the
base this doll comes with one of the
special bases one of these bases that
gives us to understand that this is a doll
special because it is one of the bases that
at the bottom it's like a
skeleton of monster high and is of the type
of base on which the doll does not
hold of the waist but rather
like the doll sits on it
and then it 's like it's kind of
of special base that lets us see better
the dress and that makes it look more
doll when we have it in the instant
I 'm going to leave it like that anyway
but if you want to get it out of the
know that this stand looks great
plus the doll any doll that
put in this kind of are
solved by that they put a stand
special bracelets
is I think the only thing that I do not super
love this I feel that they are pink
very dark that looks almost red then
If they were of a pink clarito
would have liked a little more this has
like a chain and a bell because
see that cats like
rattles of cats and jingle bells and
on this side nothing else brings as bracelets
with studs and so on the same rose
that I do not love I think it's the
only complaint that I would have of this doll
that I do not love the shade of rose in the
that are the accessories like the necklace
is that I feel it is too dark
but I do not know what you think is
too dark in emotions heal
I am a local media
can be can be and this was all for
the revision of karina I hope you have them
liked is a doll that I love
that is really all collector
monster high should have this this
doll because it is very nice the
dress is amazing makeup is
amazing the doll mold is very
very pretty
so I think it 's a doll that's worth
It's really worth it to have it in your
box as it is right now and quickly
before leaving, let me go with the
mentions of this week that are for
Miguel Morales his life and castle
Francisco Serrano
I will go further and I hope so
pronounce his name but an apology
great diego galván gerardo paz
gerardo pas estrada andrés juárez
candela olivera
marisol muñoz and anise and vermont
after because I know it was called home
so if it 's good, those are the
mentions for this week there will be many
more mentions in the videos that come
do not worry remember that next
week we'll see you with the drago locker
oracle that was what they want to call him and
after that we finally have the
new dolls from homestead and after
let's have some barbie because I know
that many of you like barbie
and I have not done anything barbie so far
then it's going to be the first time and I'm
excited about that and after that
we are going to have new things like things
of the expression thread or because the
princess sofía then please
you can see all the new content
that there is or will continue to be a lot
more than there is much you should do hi be
I hope you like it still and
good see you next week
bye